typical russian province ivanovskaya
the force measures of the factory several houses hardly
just three streets is a small place
turned in the center of the scandal
federal scale during
floods in the spring there destroyed the bridge itself
three months have passed but its never
established Ivanovo robinsons
forgotten force our correspondent irina
Kuzminskaya with difficulty but still could
get to the world praise
according to the sign of dossen with the poetic
the name of the world of the garden is at hand
but locals know it is expensive in
nowhere more accurately into the river and the bridge over it with
April no, you have to go back to
do the original 35 km detour
we have in any items
Mr. independence of any point
Russia is certainly expensive in life then
winner synonym pit potholes
some places and do not understand where
roads where tents are top speed
10 kilometers
still cancel each car you will pass
says a local resident alexei
girls who volunteered to bring
I sat down well and the center of life to relax here
this hospital is at IFRS
on the only one here is a medic phisher and
living the whole world freedom to pray
and she confesses I am not god serzh case
I can not cope a heart attack
and not worth it
within the framework of the discovery of the trainers
any serious situation
we call an ambulance with Caucasians if
account for about three hours
you consider yourself
stove back
and what to do
just die out
We live as in the Stone Age and on the hospital
Anastasia Semenovna with sharp cutting
criticism of the place is often the standard
remembers how it happened recently
me a heart attack
called an ambulance from the district center and
only by the miracle of the division, I thought that even he
ready
constant
as it turned out enough
I understand even right
contact with this live on this earth if
after advance
earlier this guest house on the outskirts of the village
never empty
tourists came in winter and summer fishing
hunting berries mushrooms Russian bath
the manager will be proud to
rooms here even please
the library is lunin
they take the earlier you notice
relevant conditions until full
collapse production opened when the shower
restroom
just six months a year after rubles but
as Yakov Semenovich says after
the bridge is gone and tourists are people just
afraid to go there if you learn to read and
you will not wait for help if for example
cause what's the cost there
freedom
very often 4
dad percentage of turnover
in court he can there
and kill his biography camp site bears losses
initiate decay
recently closed school kindergarten and club
products once a week leads to mobile shops
her owner, Sergey, also complains about the loss
high costs
but the motivation of the car is still alive
but increases the word kilometer
made a detour
here and this is gasoline all here it is Oksana I do not
can million for example we will serve here
population and on that side
I can not at different prices name
trade years without a bridge left and without
profits now still not understand
why is their old but good bridge with
mission and even before we spend
that can disassemble the concrete slabs taken away
wooden pilot to his apartment or
but in summer you could use
oddly enough of course not worth it
but it is unreal
the fact that human rights defenders were normal
bituminous I do not understand why disassembled this
business is not clear what people have left
match litvin
I do not know here and there no one was light
alexander roll about education engineer
builder he's sure to demolish old bridge
there was no need but
maria chicken brains lithuania will not be yet
nothing will be worth
some horizontal not
damaged
there is so much, but then they have a solution resource
all question price
so that the work needed to sing
this repair is a cover this cover
stealing on our arrival day
patron here in a miraculous way
builders appeared
even had time for their old developments
get paid
walking to the other side yet
You can get brigadier Vasiliev
briskly reports to the first of September
introduces a new bridge from the regional budget
under this case 6 million rubles
have highlighted the failure of a number of this cloud tartus
appliances will go around cheater heavy
bailiff trucks such a plan he
lives
but I will answer this question
why well because it is clear that it seems to me
what the camera means exactly want to know
tragedy to this bridge soon or say how
the fire truck the accused are not afraid
lesser factor viz
there will be a wind to the village
the whole village burned down 15 20 minutes because of the bad
But the regional authorities are now on
arbitrariness of fate is not abandoned
helped than were able to filter her once
it seemed the alley was open
on channel 1 1
called
but I found
while another problem
Now you will answer the case
fire
more than 100 people take in the ranks
not by chance
but residents do not leave
uncertain
Does the plot of this power on skewers know about
their problems and when is the last time
company
but I can not say now I do not remember
when was the last time there
no we a month ago the week was canceled not
was bound
but when it comes but I don't remember but
really not prestigious
the boss is four o'clock in the afternoon with cancer
recently from the district administration
Appointments to us in the next village
Berlin money for road repairs is but
when the turn comes Domitian unknown
first of all these funds will be
sent to repair roads
which links settlements
a large number of residents they founded
did not take the amount
there remained only two hundred people
but for locals it is weak
argument
200 people yes what's the difference
how many people are there
May 22 is our area of ​​information about
citizens
in the period from several hundred
Alexandrov and Yuri Laryon
on the spot from Russia